Update Ommer Description & EthHub Link [Fixes #8862] (#9198)
ethereum/ethereum-org-website: src/content/developers/docs/consensus-mechanisms/pow/mining/index.md

Every transaction is mined (included in a new block and propagated for the first time) once, but executed and verified by every participant in the process of advancing the canonical EVM state. This highlights one of the central mantras of blockchain: **Don’t trust, verify**.

> ## Ommer (Uncle) Blocks

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Ommer (uncle) blocks {#ommer-blocks}
```

> As block mining under proof-of-work was probabilistic, sometimes two valid blocks were published simultaneously due to network latency. In this case, the protocol had to determine the longest (and therefore most "valid") chain while ensuring fairness towards miners by partially rewarding the unincluded valid block proposed by the miner. This encouraged further decentralization of the network as smaller miners, who might face greater latency, could still generate returns via [ommer](/glossary/#ommer) block rewards.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Block mining on proof-of-work was probabilistic, meaning sometimes two valid blocks were published simultaneously due to network latency. In this case, the protocol had to determine the longest (and therefore most "valid") chain while ensuring fairness towards miners by partially rewarding the unincluded valid block proposed by the miner. This encouraged further decentralization of the network as smaller miners, who might face greater latency, could still generate returns via [ommer](/glossary/#ommer) block rewards.
```

> Block mining on proof-of-work was probabilistic, meaning sometimes two valid blocks were published simultaneously due to network latency. In this case, the protocol had to determine the longest (and therefore most "valid") chain while ensuring fairness towards miners by partially rewarding the unincluded valid block proposed by the miner. This encouraged further decentralization of the network as smaller miners, who might face greater latency, could still generate returns via [ommer](/glossary/#ommer) block rewards.

Reviewer: LGTM.

@jmcook1186 or @wackerow would appreciate your opinion before merging.

Reviewer 2: lgtm.

> Block mining on proof-of-work was probabilistic, meaning sometimes two valid blocks were published simultaneously due to network latency. In this case, the protocol had to determine the longest (and therefore most "valid") chain while ensuring fairness towards miners by partially rewarding the unincluded valid block proposed by the miner. This encouraged further decentralization of the network as smaller miners, who might face greater latency, could still generate returns via [ommer](/glossary/#ommer) block rewards.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
Block mining on proof-of-work was probabilistic, meaning sometimes two valid blocks were published simultaneously due to network latency. In this case, the protocol had to determine the longest (and therefore most "valid") chain while ensuring fairness towards miners by partially rewarding the unincluded valid block proposed. This encouraged further decentralization of the network as smaller miners, who might face greater latency, could still generate returns via [ommer](/glossary/#ommer) block rewards.
```

Not much, just think this cleans up the sentence is all.

> As block mining under proof-of-work was probabilistic, there exists a non-zero chance that two valid blocks may have been published at the same time due to network latency. In this case, the protocol still has to determine the longest (and hence most "valid") chain while still ensuring fairness towards the miners by partially rewarding the unincluded valid block proposed by the miner. This encourages further decentralization of the network as smaller miners, who might face greater latency, are still able to generate a return via [ommer](https://ethereum.org/en/glossary/#ommer) block rewards.

Reviewer: Use past tense when describing historical features to avoid confusion

```suggestion
As block mining under proof-of-work was probabilistic, sometimes two valid blocks were published simultaneously due to network latency. In this case, the protocol had to determine the longest (and therefore most "valid") chain while ensuring fairness towards miners by partially rewarding the unincluded valid block proposed by the miner. This encouraged further decentralization of the network as smaller miners, who might face greater latency, could still generate returns via [ommer](/glossary/#ommer) block rewards.
```

## Further reading {#further-reading}

> - [What does it mean to mine Ethereum?](https://web.archive.org/web/20220917012350/https://docs.ethhub.io/using-ethereum/mining/) _EthHub (Archived)_

Reviewer 4: Do we want to be referencing content like this that has been deprecated?

Author: I left it in for this specific case as Eth mining has also been "deprecated". As such, unlikely that any new content will be published for this topic

Reviewer 3: This seems like a reasonable rationale to me. Would you have any other PoW suggestions to replace this with @wackerow?
